[MISC] fix links, make json object links consistent, fix pandoc rendering (#587)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/03-modality-agnostic-files.md

randomly chosen (but consistent across all runs etc.) number of days.
This way relative timing would be preserved, but chances of identifying a
person based on the date and time of their scan would be decreased.

> Dates that are shifted for anonymization purposes SHOULD be set to a year 1925

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dates that are shifted for anonymization purposes SHOULD be set to the year 1925
```

Template: `code/*`

Source code of scripts that were used to prepare the dataset MAY be stored here.

> Examples include anonymization or decacing of the data, or
> the converstion from the format of the source data to the BIDS format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Examples include anonymization or defacing of the data, or
the conversion from the format of the source data to the BIDS format
```

source code. There are no limitations or recommendations on the language and/or
Source code of scripts that were used to prepare the dataset MAY be stored here.
Examples include anonymization or decacing of the data, or
the converstion from the format of the source data to the BIDS format
(see [source vs. raw vs. derived data](./02-common-principles.md#source-vs-raw-vs-derived-data)).
Extra care should be taken to avoid including original IDs or
any identifiable information with the source code.
There are no limitations or recommendations on the language and/or
code organization of these scripts at the moment.

<sup>1</sup>Storing actual source files with the data is preferred over links to
external source repositories to maximize long term preservation (which would

> suffer if an external repository would not be available anymore).

Author: these lines are now in the `sourcedata` section: https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/587/files#r479958395

and as you can see above, the `code` section now links to that section.
